# [035-1] ADONIS Unmanned Experts

## Quick Reference
| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Project Code** | 035_1 |
| **Asana** | https://app.asana.com/1/12804948716594/project/1208231231312351 |
| **Owner** | Alex Lomis |
| **Organization/Customer** | Unmanned Experts |
| **Customer Type** | Commercial |
| **Contact** | Keven Gambold (CEO) |
| **General Point of Contact:** | Keven Gambold (CEO), 303-717-0031 (cell), kagambold@unmannedexperts.com |
| **Billing Point of Contact** | Bill Cossoff, b.cossoff@unmannedexperts.com(720 South Colorado Blvd, PH North, Denver, CO 80246)  |
| **Products/Services** | Other |
| **Total Budget** | $1,249,945 |
| **Total Funding to Black Swift** | $190,000 |
| **Subcontrator Name** | BST |
| **Subcontract $ Amount** | N/A |
| **Priority** | Medium |
| **Due** | 2026-02-27T00:00:00.000Z |
| **Financial Files** | 035_1.md |

## Project Notes
1: Statement of Work
Task 1. Autonomous sUAS integration
Provide support in the design, iteration and build of an autonomous swarming capability with multiple
aircraft.
Task 2. Large aircraft integration
Provide support in the design, integration, and operation of a swarm release mechanism for
deployment of multiple sUAS from a large cargo aircraft.
Task 3. Transition & Commercialization Preparations
Provide support to UMEX and planning, licensing, and regulatory comprehension in
preparations for Commercialization. Locate and engage potential end-users for the program
to provide user requirements and future client base.
Task 4. Standard Subcontractor Support.
Provide typical Program support in the role of subcontractor support items to include kick-off
meeting, telecon attendance, timely responses & invoicing, report inputs and customer
outreach.

Sub to Prime.  Prime is Unmanned Experts, which is servicing a SBIR through sponsored by AFWERX, a component of the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL). 

The Principal Investigator for this effort is Ken Erney.
SUBCONTRACT NO. FA8649-23P-1076 (Adonis) 
Prime Award Amount: $1,249,396.00
$ amount
Budget Period
Aug 15, 2024 – Feb 28, 2026
Estimated Total Project Period
Aug 15, 2024 – Feb 28, 2026

Invoices are to be submitted to:

Bill Cossoff
Chief Growth Officer
Unmanned Experts Inc.
720 South Colorado Blvd, PH North
DENVER
CO 80246
Email:  b.cossoff@unmannedexperts.com 
With Copy to:  Mr. Keven Gambold
Email: kagambold@unmannedexperts.com

## Admin:  Notes/Context
12/19/24 - Meeting with Alex: 2x S0 VTOL and 4x S0 AD, rather than 3 of each. 2x S0 VTOL by early March, 2x S0 AD by early October. 2x S0 AD by Early January 2026

## Engineering Notes
Deliverables
Deliverable 1: Engineering Prototype (A1) Hardware Freeze (Months 2-3) Oct-November 2024
Deliverable 2: A1 Flight Trials (Months 4 - 7) December 2024 - March 2025
Deliverable 3: A1 Swarming Flight Tests (Months 8 - 10)  April 2025 - June 2025
Deliverable 4: A2 Interim Flight Tests (Months 11 - 14) July 2025 - October 2025 
Deliverable 5: Mothership-dropped A2 Flight Tests (Months 15 - 18) November 2025 - February 2026
Deliverable 6: Final Report (Months 19-21) March 2026 - May 2026