# [212-2] NASA S2 & Parts

## Quick Reference
| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Project Code** | 212_2 |
| **Asana** | https://app.asana.com/1/12804948716594/project/1211457612530524 |
| **Owner** | Nate Straus |
| **Organization/Customer** | NASA (Will Wade) |
| **Customer Type** | Commercial |
| **Contact** | Isaac Anderson |
| **General Point of Contact:** | Isaac Anderson, 650-602-5988, isaac.e.anderson@nasa.gov |
| **Billing Point of Contact** | IPP |
| **Products/Services** | S2 |
| **Total Budget** | $89,844 |
| **Total Funding to Black Swift** | $89,844 |
| **Subcontrator Name** | N/A |
| **Subcontract $ Amount** | N/A |
| **Priority** | Low |
| **Due** | 2026-09-30T00:00:00.000Z |

## Project Notes
PO No. 80NSSC25PC031 
Total Budget: $89,844
(due Sept 30, 2026) 
Funding was approved in order to make the end of FY2025

Isaac Anderson requested a breakdown of cost for S2 parts (including the cost of a full S2) on July 11, 2025. Estimate 1362 was sent on July 18, 2025 with the following information: 
Regarding replacement parts - as we’re now transitioning to the S3 platform, the S2 is officially end-of-life.  Given that, there are a few things that we'd have to make new designs for as components from other manufacturers have changed or gone out of stock. 

However, we remain committed to supporting your ongoing missions through the limited replacement parts we have available. As we did with the CRATER Campaign, we can also provide lower-cost items at no cost to you.

To further support your operations, we’re happy to work with you to drop ship 3D-printed components or even provide CAD files where necessary to keep your flight operations running smoothly. We look forward to continuing to build your capabilities together.

Billing: 
Submit Invoice via IPP. Invoice should include: 
(a) Description of goods and services delivered as part of the contract’s terms and conditions, including the dates of delivery/performance.
(b) Progress reports, as required.
(c) Date goods and services were performed.




## Admin:  Notes/Context
Delivery by 9/30/2026